docs: new GitHub Issue templates (#26918)
angular/angular: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/1-bug-report.md

---
name: "\U0001F41EBug report"
about: Report a bug in the Angular Framework
---
<!--🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅

Oh hi there! 😄 

To expedite issue processing please search open and closed issues before submitting a new one.
Existing issues often contain information about workarounds, resolution, or progress updates.

🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅🔅-->

# 🐞 bug report

### Affected Package
<!-- Can you pin-point one or more @angular/* packages as the source of the bug? -->
<!-- ✍️edit: --> The issue is caused by package @angular/....

### Is this a regression?

> <!-- Did this behavior use to work in the previous version? -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Did this behavior used to work in the previous version? -->
```

<!-- ✍️--> Yes, the previous version in which this bug was not present was: ....

### Description

<!-- ✍️--> A clear and concise description of the problem...

## 🔬 Minimal Reproduction
<!--
Please create and share minimal reproduction of the issue starting with this template: https://stackblitz.com/fork/angular-issue-repro2
-->
<!-- ✍️--> https://stackblitz.com/...

<!--

> If StackBlitz is not suitable for reproduction of your issue, please create a minimal GitHub repository with the reproduction of the issue. Share the link to the repo below along with, build and step-by-step instructions to reproduce the problem, as well as expected and actual behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If StackBlitz is not suitable for reproduction of your issue, please create a minimal GitHub repository with the reproduction of the issue. Share the link to the repo below along with step-by-step instructions to reproduce the problem, as well as expected and actual behavior.
```

-->

## 🔥 Exception or Error
<pre><code>

> <!-- If the issue is accompanied with an exception or an error, please share it below: -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- If the issue is accompanied by an exception or an error, please share it below: -->
```

<!-- ✍️-->

</code></pre>

## 🌍  Your Environment

**Angular Version:**
<pre><code>
<!-- run `ng version` and paste output below -->
<!-- ✍️-->

</code></pre>

**Anything else relevant?**
<!-- ✍️Is this a browser specific issue? If so, please specify the browser and version. -->

> <!-- ✍️Does any of these matter operating system, IDE, package manager, HTTP server, ...? Is so please mention it below. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- ✍️Do any of these matter: operating system, IDE, package manager, HTTP server, ...? If so, please mention it below. -->
```
